Lizard Alchemist - Toil and Trouble
Overworld and Underworld - Descent into Ringwell
Open-World - Penance

1-3-24
Um, not exactly sure where the rest of the devlogs went, but this is a pretty good place to start.

I worked a lot on the framework, and now things are a lot smoother. Everything's been abstracted out into
its own class/function, and the entire Pynamo framework is actually shaping up pretty nicely.

A few bugs I've noticed:
1) Enemy movement is annoying as sin. It keeps glitching through the walls and stuff, likely due to a velocity error
   I'll need to isolate, identify, and remedy this error IOT make enemy movement good. Hopefully the solution is elegant
   - Yep, fixed it, actually the problem was pretty simple, just had to update the camera, then the obstacles, then run collision tests
   - Maybe I didn't completely fix it, but enough of it is remedied
2) Pygame audio mixer. TBH, I haven't invested any time into fixing this error, so it's of low priority

Next on the TODO list, aside from cleaning up code:
1) Create config files for weapons, player, and enemies, so I have one simple area to edit attributes
2) Work on the spell/hymn system, and add them to the game
3) Create UI and make the main menu screen actually good
4) Iterate on the music for Dragonkeep Vigil and Boss Theme, as well as come up with new themes:
   - haunted waltz, ambiance 1&2, final boss theme (mad king)
5) Come up with credits page, load/save system, achievements
6*) Finish building level editor and make it usable/good to usable
    a) implement autotiling algorithm
    b) asset implementation (animated, static)
    c) code cleanup and documentation
    d) map exporting
    e) specific/creative rooms
7) Work out the lore for my game
8) AI for enemies and Black Iron Pact
9) Room generation
10) General polish and game feel (shaders, genosequa)

TIMELINE:
January - finish level editor
February - finish enemy and AI, level design
March - Finish music, art, polish, and finish MVP for playtesting

by NOTA, I need a finished game, for final playtesting and release on Steam/Itch

I want to create, partly because I feel alone at times. I'm not the most comfortable with alterations and changes in the physical world; 
I want something that won't change. Maybe that's why my game's based on religion, maybe it's because I have a GC (though that's highly
unlikely), I don't know. 

It's kind of nice really. These game devlogs are my sort of journal, a chronicle of the time I've spent working on them. I kind of like this. :)

2-3-2024

2-20-2024
Over President's Day Weekend, I made a lot of progress. V and I sat on the CCQ 3 days in a row, and had a great time. I fleshed out the level editor, base mechanics, music design, trigger system, UI, screen shake, particle effects, enemy behaviors, and much more. I'm really happy with how most of it turned out; it's pretty neat!

I still have some things left TODO.
1) Create config files for world, player, weapons, enemies (no more magic values)
2) Add features to level editor (cellular automata)